What happened to Half Moon?
Who saved you?
It's my dad your dad
No kidding?
How could your dad be the president of the skating society?
He's not lying, he's really pretending to be president, so he's not lying.
What about Uncle Luo?
My dad has been in touch with him since then
Can't find him
I don't know if there is anything specific.
This should be Secretary Yang here
What's your trouble?
My dad introduced me to a rich second generation
He said he would let me marry him after next year
I don't want to see this at all
You mean the Celebrity Convention?
It's actually a reception banquet
I heard that the president of Huaxing Chamber of Commerce has come to Jiangzhou
Every celebrity will be there
I also heard who can climb to President Wan
You can go to the sky in one step
My father is President Wan
If Xiao Xiao's father knew about this
Why don't I help you with this?
How can you help me?
What if you had a boyfriend?
You don't have to marry him
You mean you are my boyfriend?
No no
My dad would kill you if he knew
Don't worry, after the conference
Your dad will definitely change my mind